welcome guys to episode 6 of better than
wolves and a lot of you guys wanted me
to continue the way I was doing with the
tears so I have decided to continue
they'll only be roughly three to two
more episodes including this one so what
I'm using here is a pottery because this
tier t6 is all about pottery ok so you
need to create a turntable to get
pottery started in oops I made a mistake
there you go you need for stone three
sightings one redstone in the middle and
one gear at the bottom to create a turn
table now turn tables are mechanical
devices so you need a mechanical power
source supplied so the best one is a
water mill which guys should all know by
now and basically and the power it needs
to be constructed so it reaches the
bottom of the turntable so I had to make
a platform up like this Erin's fairly
straightforward how to make you guys can
pause the video if you're playing along
and here is one mate I was playing
around with this and here is the
turntable now let's say if we get a
pumpkin a pumpkin is a nice example if
we place a pumpkin here and turn on our
turntable I like to put a switch on here
there we go it will start turning around
there we go and if we break this block
I'll turn on creative mode and I'll get
a lever if we break this block and we
place a lever on the turntable it
switches directions so now it is going
clockwise and we can make it go
anti-clockwise now there we go have a
side angle so it's going anti-clockwise
now I like this example um so you can
even use this to make a awesome TV
screen or animation I can see a lot of
redstone people loving this feature so
you can have like a countdown clock
going and you can place two at a time so
we'll place this one rings over there
there we go so we can have three
actually no why can't we have three
there we go now we have three
so now there's the one odd one out so
you can do like a random pulse or
whatever you want and create like a game
with this now the main reason for a
turntable is to create pottery so if you
place a clay block down it creates
different goes through a selection of
several different pottery arm so it goes
down to the smallest consuming clay
object which is a earn and I think this
is the urn and then it just breaks off
and gives me all the four blocks so
first off when it crafts I'm going to
turn it off now there we go hopefully
doesn't change and i'll change it back
to normal so I can collect the clay and
it is a unreal unruhe fired pottery so
basically you need to go on to a stoked
fire and then you can basically bake it
and it becomes a kill urn is just like a
small little chest and a planter helps
you plant your hemp seeds or any week
okay so we're going to create a planter
now this is a kiln and the next one
should be a planter and well we need to
stop it hopefully don't you are you
changed so that's the problem with
having multiple gearboxes is it takes a
lot of power and if you turn it and the
power is already reached here it will go
here here and change it so basically we
need to well we need to change it again
all right I'm sorry all right
turn off there we go now we turn off
creative mode and we collect the planter
now we go to our stoked fire and kill me
and once you have killed on in the
cauldron with the hot fire you can place
it down and no you don't you don't place
it down you collect it and you get place
it in your crafting table with some dirt
to create a planter now let my dirt back
up and basically it is a pot filled with
dirt and you can plant anything in here
I'm including wheat or hemp and
basically you don't need to water it and
doesn't need water and can survive in
any condition so you can actually have a
farm indoors or actually have plants
indoors which is quite nice so thank you
guys for watching don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe this has been the
pottery tier of the better than wolves
and the next tier is the new age and the
new age of Steel which would be a wood
it should be a very exciting will play
around with steel and I'll make that
into a longer video to finish up the
better than wolves because a lot of you
guys wanted me to continue doing the
tears so the age of Steel basically will
be all condensed into one tier so this
has been the pottery tier and this is
ipodmail saying have a good day